Design Overview:
<svg>: Referred to in the code as "svg"
   -<g>: This is the group referred to in the code as "transitions"
    It has no attributes
      -Multiple <g>s: Each element has an "ids" attribute which is a string 
       containing the "stateids" of the two states connected by the transitions 
       in this group, in ascending order, separated by a space. The children of
       these elements come in pairs of:
         1.<polygon>: This is the arrow of the transition. It's black by
	  default, but turns red when "Delete Transitions" is selected. It has
	  no stroke. It stores no identifying information.
	 2.<path>: This is the curve of the transition. It's also black by
	  default and turns red when "Delete Transitions" is selected. It
	  carries with it two ids: "transid" matches the "labelid" of the 
	  corresponding label and is used to identify the transition as a whole 
	  (and thus is unique), while "sourceid" is the "stateid" of the source 
	  of this transition, i.e. the state that the arrow is pointing away 
	  from (this is important because neither group nor the arrow keep track
  	  of which way the transition is pointing). It has a "mouseup" event
	  listener attatched to it specifying how it can be deleted.
   -<g>: This is the group referred to in the code as "states"
      -Multiple <circle>s: These are the states of the machine. They have a
       black outline by default, but it turns blue when selected and red when
       "Delete States" is selected. Each element has a "mouseup" event listener
       attatched to it defining how transitions can be drawn between states and
       how states can be deleted. Each element has a unique "stateid".
   -<g>: This is the group referred to in the code as "acceptingStates"
      -Multiple <circle>s: These are the inner circles of all of the accepting
       states of the machine. They have a black outline by default, but it turns
       red when "Delete States" is selected (it currently doesn't change when
       selected). It has no fill. Each has a "stateid" that matched that of the
       state it's paired with. These elements have no event listeners;
       everything is handled in the event listeners of the regular states.
   -<g>: This is the group referred to in the code as "labels"
      -Mutiple <text>s: These are the labels of the machine. Their "textContent"
       variable is the displayed text of the label, which cannot contain
       whitespace. The text is an epsilon by default but can be overwritten.
       Attempting to make a transition without a label will result in an 
       epsilon transition. The text is black by default but blue when selected 
       for editing. Each element contains a unique "labelid" that matches the
       "transid" of the transition it belongs to.
Outside the SVG are the buttons. Only one of these buttons may be selected at a time. They control what action the user can take when he/she clicks inside the SVG. Anytime a button is pressed on or off, "toggleOffAllButtons" should be called right away to ensure that the SVG is returned to a default state.
Beneath the buttons are two inputs, one for changing the radius of the states and one for changing their fill color.
The window itself has keyboard events defining how labels can be typed up.